Update percy setup docs (#6116)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: docs/releasing/testing-and-linting.md

## Visual regression testing with [Percy](https://percy.io/)

> We generate at least one screenshot per component. Typically this will be the default example but also screenshot additional examples for distinct states of components eg: small radios or checkboxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We generate at least one screenshot per component. Typically, this screenshot will be of the default example, but we may also generate screenshots for visually distinct variants of components, such as the **Start** button.
```

Might want to avoid using "variants" here, as we've tied that word around our ankle to describe taking different screenshots. Potentially we could also change `variants` to something else in the code though.

> We tell Percy we want to screenshot an example by adding the `screenshot` attribute to an example in a component's yaml fixture. If `screenshot` is either true or has a `variants` attribute containing an array of valid options ('default' or 'No-JS') then Percy will screenshot that example.

Reviewer: One sentence explanation of `variants`? ie: that they modify the screenshot in some way (for example, default just takes the same screenshot as though you'd set `screenshot: true`, whereas `no-js` will disable JavaScript before taking the sceenshot)

The screenshots are public, so you can check them without logging in. A BrowserStack account is needed to approve or reject any changes (if you don't have access, ask your tech lead for help). If you're the reviewer of the pull request code, it's your responsibility to approve or request changes for any visual changes Percy highlights.

When you run the tests locally (for example, using `npm run test:screenshots --workspace @govuk-frontend/review`), Percy commands are ignored and Percy does not generate any screenshots. You will see the following message in your command line output: `[percy] Percy is not running, disabling snapshots`.

### No-JS variants

> We take additional versions of some component examples with javascript turned off at the point the screenshot is taken. This is to account for when javascript being on or off impacts how the component looks. For example the accordion without js is just headings with text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We take additional screenshots of some component examples with javascript turned off at the point the screenshot is taken. This is to account for when javascript being on or off impacts how the component looks. For example the accordion without js is just headings with text.
```
